Below is a (slightly edited) transcript from Friday's meeting. Thanks to
Judi for typing in notes of what folks were saying on the phone! Judi and I
thought that the meeting went well. Folks had some suggestions as you'll
read in the transcript, but they suggestions felt pretty focussed and in
general folks liked our design so far. We spent the entire hour (slightly
more) just talking the screen mockups on the Iteration 11 page.

Attendees included: Hoyet, Kevin, Billy, Gayle, Margaret, Jamie, Aaron,
Patti, Judi, and Zaz (last half--she wasn't on the ti2 list but is now!)

Some of the comments that stood out to me:
- Graphic looks is very nice
- separation of information from place is well done and clear for the most
part
- still let users detach the chat window!
- use "My Place" instead of My Office (let the user make their place an
office or home or whatever; keep the name generic so they can do that)
- use "My Things" or "My Stuff" instead of My Box (again, be more general,
since carrying a box around may be strange to some users; also, folks on the
phone conf wanted to say "go to" My Box but it's not a place!)
- make members create their place if/when they want it, don't give it to
them automatically when they join but rather have them land in reception
(they always have My Stuff and don't strictly *need* a home anymore);
- if/when you do create your own space, you can choose from different
icons/types (office, tent, home, mansion, etc) from those offer, you can
also upload your own room image or use one of our stock images
- at any time you can toggle your own place privacy levels (open to anyone
or locked) or create another room off your own room for a different purpose
(limit room creation to just a few... 2 for regular members?)
- courses should be places so if you're only joining to take a course you
can just set the course place as your home (again, no need for your own
office unless you want it)
- the dynamic neighborhood idea (based on preferences) is great

Below are my notes on how I started the meeting. Mark, feel free to use
these on Monday if you like, or if you want me to start the meeting, let me
know.

Patti's Notes for Starting Friday's Meeting
-------------------------------------------
We're continuing on the same vein of the challenge of creating a user
interface that

- maintains the concept of  "place" (an individual user's office, a group's
clubhouse, a community gatheringplace) for communication,

- and a more traditional "Web" metaphor for interacting  with information
(bookmarks, files, calendars)

Last time we explored a lot of alternative metaphors and interfaces, and
asked folks to send in examples of sites they liked. We'll talk about some
of these sites if we have time after we look at our most recent iteration.
(Note that we never had time!)

How many people have tried out the new ETP system and looked at our recent
mockups?

-> Patti projects the url and explains the system
    http://tappedin.org:8080/ETPservlet/etp/

I recommend that folks view (not edit) the mockup discussion during our
phone conferences so that we're talking about (not typing) our comments. We
invite you to come back after the conference and click edit to insert
comments.

So, everyone click on "It goes to Eleven"

I'll take you through 3 screens, starting with the one you'd see when you
first enter a particular room.

You may notice a consistent style in these screens, but our colors and
graphics are not final and we welcome suggestions of other web sites that
you like in terms of graphical design.

We also don't have actual room content in these mockups yet; that's coming
soon. For now, we'll focus on the overall interface metaphor.

-> look at the first screen image, what you'd see when you enter a room

On the first screen, you'll notice tabs on the top right. These tabs give
you access to the "information space". When you click on a tab, the
information overlays the content of the room or place. So the middle area
above the chat serves 2 roles: to display room content if you're in that
mode, or information if you in that mode (click on the tabs).

Note that places have little doors by them; information is accessed through
the tabs.

Judi and I call this our "lift and separate" model: the information is
lifted to the top and separated from place, but yet is easily accessible and
maximizes use of screen real estate. It also hopefully better chunks the
choices into place versus information.

To us it seems like there are fewer choices on the screen to distract or
confuse users than in our previous mockups. In reality there are still as
many choices but we think the chunking gives the illusion of fewer.  We
think that the distance of the information tabs (farther away from the room
choices and focus) helps with this too.

-> move on to the 2nd image to show how you browse information

What are your thoughts? (The conversation took off nicely from here, with no
prodding needed, and lasted an easy hour on these mockups :)

(We ended up scrolling down to the bottom image after this one, to talk
about Aaron's new use of the building/house icon)

-> move on to the 3rd image and ability to toggle between place and what you
last viewed in My Box

Note that the the My Box toggle (screen 3) is an issue we're still grappling
with. For example, we're thinking that the purple tab should be gray, and
just the purple button should remain.

Friday Meeting Transcript
--------------------------
Connected to TAPPED IN on Fri Oct 26 09:52:15 2001 PDT.

PattiWiz projects the URL:

http://tappedin.org:8080/ETPservlet/etp/listUserProjects
PattiWiz projects the URL:

http://tappedin.org:8080/ETPservlet/etp/listUserProjects

Judi locks the door to TI2 Planning.
Judi says, "Gayle likes being able to set 3 favorite places...."

Judi says, "Hoyet likes the look graphically...."

Judi says, "color changing with the tabs indicating that change makes it
            nice and clear."

Judi says, "Gayle when it says that the room is hidden behind could it
            be put into a separate window..."

Judi says, "Margaret likes detach a lot ...."

Judi says, "and thinks it is important for class time as you need
            context."

Judi says, "Gayle thinks that you might want to see the MY BOX stuff
            while you chatting..."

Judi says, "Margaret wondered what you would see in your office..."

Judi says, "We are thinking that what you would see in your office are
            the public items that you have in your box.  The owner and
            all people see the same view in the room (Patti)"

Judi says, "margaret made the comment that we don't walk around with
            "boxes""

Judi says, "gayle says that teachers carry around boxes..."

Judi says, "My briefcase, backpack, cart, shopping cart, ..."

Judi says, "Gayle says my box would resonate with k-8 teachers."

Judi says, "Kevin was wondering about the difference between place and
            information about the place..."

Judi says, "the second line of the interface (below the room
            designation) gives you the information about the place."

Judi says, "The neighborhood concept... Margaret likes, Hoyet likes, and
            Gayle likes."

Judi says, "what would neighborhood mean... (kevin)"

Judi says, "Gayle thinks it would help us find mentors or others with
            similar interests."

Judi says, "Could be resources too (Hoyet)"

The wall twists and groans as it tries to force itself into the shape of
BJB [Away]. With a crack it snaps back into shape.
Judi says, "margaret in stead of My Box just mine...."

Judi unlocks the door to TI2 Planning.
BJB quietly enters the room.
BJ's Shadow follows BJB to here.
Judi locks the door to TI2 Planning.
BJB waves hi

Judi says, "if we just have My space rather "my office or my home" then
            people can define it for themselves"

Judi says, "My place"

Judi says, "Margaret's suggestion..."

Judi says, "kevin wonders if the metaphor of neighborhood is the right
            metaphor...."

Judi says, "since neighborhoods will be malleable."

Judi says, "Billy thinks we need a metaphor tha peole can make
            assumptions about and be correct."

Judi says, "Hyperplace / hyperneighborhood...."

Judi says, "In this world, place is different than the physical world..."

Judi says, "and in this world place might not be in the same place for
            everyone ..."

Judi says, "(margaret's comments)"

Judi says, "GayleP speaks up about the group of K-8 teaches they are
            working with...."

Judi says, "they need to feel space is theirs...  they needed to learn
            how to get on and where to go and it needs to be simple."

Judi says, "My place is a friendly term."

Judi asks, "are people going to be able to personalize the space?"

Judi says, "that was from Gayle)"

Judi says, "we would like peole to still be able to redecorate and
            personalize"

Judi says, "Do we need two levels?  Home and office."

Judi says, "Hoyet"

Judi says, "gayle wants My place... and a group place"

The wall twists and groans as it tries to force itself into the shape of
ZazH. With a crack it snaps back into shape.
Judi unlocks the door to TI2 Planning.
ZazH arrives from nowhere.
ZazH's personal recorder follows ZazH to here.
Judi locks the door to TI2 Planning.
Judi says, "Kevin wonders if we've looked at groove."

BJB has looked briefly

BJB . o O ( downloaded it at home )
Judi says, "in groove if you want to create a new space then you can and
            you can check off features in the space"

Judi says, "you can decide what features are in the space and different
            spaces may have different features."

Judi says, "dial in Zaz"

Judi asks, "Gayle with online course would students in the online course
            would they get spaces?"

PattiWiz waves to zaz

Judi asks, "of their own?"

ZazH [to Patti]: "okay"

ZazH [to Patti]: "i've looked at 11"

Judi says, "i think that people who join with courses would get my box
            and my place but perhaps the instructor could choose whether
            people log in to the course place or their own place..."

Judi says, "gayle thinks it would be nice to let instructors make
            choices for their students."

ZazH asks, "what kind of choices?"

Judi says, "bread crumbs (back to my box: resources) is a bread crumb
            (gayle)"

Judi says, "Maybe back to my box: resources could be a history...."

Judi says, "(hoyet)"

Judi says, "Margaret we have to be careful of the words we use when we
            talk about information vs. place."

Judi asks, "question for us:  how does a person get info that is stored
            in my box into a room other than your office?"

Judi says, "We really need to think about our metaphors....  and make
            sure we don't break them and that we use the right language."

KevinBR says, "Or...that there is some clear trigger to show when a
               metaphor is being intentionally broken, extended or
               transformed, e.g., hyper-office versus office"

GayleP has disconnected.
GayleP unlocks the door and leaves TI2 Planning.
Judi says, "if you have any additional commetns on my sketchy note feel
            free to tpe them in."

BillyS has disconnected.
ZazH has disconnected.
BJB . o O ( I'm assuming the meeting is adjourned? )
PattiWiz nods

Judi says, "yea"

PattiWiz says, "Judi and I are still on the phone with Aaron"

BJB says, "OK.  I'll go down to reception"

BJB teleports to the reception.
MargaretR has disconnected.
PattiWiz waves bye

PattiWiz has disconnected.

Disconnected from TAPPED IN on Fri Oct 26 11:41:18 2001 PDT.
