Hi Aaron!

We went over iteration 16 today. It's great! We just have a few small
comments, which I'll try to summarize below.

- we wanted to see some other options for the door icon. some folks in our
last advisory meeting couldn't tell it was a door. maybe make the arrow line
skinnier or take the arrow away? we're not sure, just play with it...

- in the buddy list, "Offline" shouldn't have a door icon (or be linked?)
since it's not a place.

- we wanted to play with reducing the text in the PM area ("to send a
private message...") or putting it on two lines. we wondered if it could be
done so that the PM input field doesn't change from small to big, but just
stays the same size all the time.

- Mark wondered if the Saved Messages button could be shorted to Saved Msgs
to save space (let the window be narrower); not a biggie, just a thought,
veto if you like :)

- we wanted to see what it would look like to have the room welcome text
running across the top instead of in a narrow column. text in narrower
columns is easier to read, which is why I'm guessing you did it the way you
did, but we wanted to see it anyway if possible...

- on the sticky notes, for owners (who can see edit), can you also have a
close box on the note that they could use to delete the note? (we'll ask for
confirmation, and also save the content in case they want to reshow it
later).

- we're thinking we'd offer users 4 "stickie note" types. We're limiting it
to 4 to reduce our development effort and try to cover most needs (for this
version, anyway)...

1. Announcements: a kind of note that keeps a history of items added to it.
we'll probably make it so you can add and edit announcements, but maybe
can't delete them. (This raises an issue though: we thought the history on
announcement might be good, but you'd probably only want to show the first X
announcements on the stickie note or it would get way long...do we add a
"more" link to the bottom of notes that go over a certain length--a link
that would take you to a new page--or do we just display notes in their
entirety and *not* save a history, in the case of announcements, or limit
how many announcements you can have and allow delete?). We'd probably limit
normal users to 1 of these types of stickies, and it may not be on by for
joe user (rather something they explicitly add from their Settings if they
want it; except it might be on by default for courses and groups?). Not sure
if we'd let users edit the title of this stickie type (maybe it can only be
titled "Announcements"?).

2. Featured Items: a note that displays any featured items (files, links, or
passageways) that you have checked. It would have up to three sections, one
for each type. (If you haven't selected any files, for example, that section
wouldn't appear). E.g., to the owner, it could look like:

  ----------------------               ----------------------
  |   Featured Items   |               |   Featured Items    |
  ----------------------               -----------------------
  | Files          edit|               | Files          edit |
  | paper draft        |  or, if       | my report           |
  | report             |  you only     |                     |
  |--------------------|  have files   | add links           |
  | Links          edit|  you want     | add passageways     |
  | my home page       |  to            ----------------------
  |--------------------|  feature:
  | Passageways    edit|
  | Judi's office      |
  |--------------------|

Non-room-owners wouldn't see the "edit" or "add" links.

If you click on edit for a certain type, you'd get a list of all of your
files OR links Or passageways (depending which edit you clicked) and you can
check which ones you want to display. if you aren't displaying any of one
type right now, you need to click "add X" where X is files, links, or
passageways. (We could add other possibilities of kinds of things to
feature, these 3 just jumped out at us). We'd probably limit joe user to one
of these, and "stock" it with the Tapped In Reception passageway and maybe a
link or two. Not sure if we'd let users edit the title of this stickie type
(it can only be titled "Featured Items"?).

3. Quick Look: This is your stickie about group/course stats (number of
members, etc.) This would not be editable even by the owner, just visible or
hidden by an owner of a group or course. There would only be a need for one
of these items on the group/course home page, and it could be there by
default. Not sure if we'd let users edit the title of this stickie type (it
can only be entitled "Quick Look"?).

4. Generic Note: A catch-all stickie template that a room owner could type
any text into, and give any title too. We'd offer only up to X generic note
stickies to every room owner (where X is something like 3) because we will
store the contents of each note in our database even if they delete it, so
they can bring it back again later if they like (or made a mistake) and we
don't want users to create a bazillion notes that clutter our database or
clutter up pages. Users can browse all of their notes in their Settings and
from there elect to show or hide them on the front Welcome page at will.
(From their Welcome page they can also edit and hide them at will). We'd
probably have at least one default generic note up in every
office/course/group when it is created, with an introduction or information
about tappedin (maybe something like "Getting Started") that users could
delete or edit to fill with their own content later.

We figured that in the Settings, a room owner could access all of their
stickies (Announcements, Features Items, Quick Look, 3 Generic Notes) to
show or hide them, and they could also hide or edit them from the Welcome
page, but they'd have to go to Settings to show one they had hidden earlier
(or that weren't on by default at creation).

Does this make sense? Any suggestions?

Oh, and one question for you, Aaron: will you be available for a 10 am - 11
am phone conference (our monthly one) with our advisory board folks this
coming Friday and/or Monday morning?

Patti
